I just have some status
What are you proud of?
I said everything you wanted to say for you
The blue patrol is my friend
I just spent a little 2 billion
I bought a hospital for you.
What car, house, someone will give it away as long as I want it
I have status, money and connections
What can't I say?
You, you, you say I'm not worthy of you
Smile, don't get excited, don't get excited
Mr. Lu, don't be familiar with Xiao Xiao
He is also worried about Miss Jiang
Yeah Army who's worried about him
Do it yourself, let's go
Then you go.
Let's go. What about the wine?
I paid the money, you can do it yourself
Sorry.
You didn't say anything and just relieved the pressure
i
If you like it, I will show your sincerity.
Money can't buy love
Captain Jiang, you misunderstood me
Oh, I see.
I woke up and thought you were awake